feat: Config service configuration (#682)
safe-global/safe-docs: pages/config-service-configuration/add-or-edit-gas-price.mdx

> # Add or edit gas prices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Add or edit chain gas prices
```

Add (or edit) a new gas price to the configuration, so they can be attributed to chains.

## Usage

You can add a new gas price by visiting this address: `http://localhost:8000/cfg/admin/chains/gasprice/add/`

You can edit an existing gas price by visiting this address: `http://localhost:8000/cfg/admin/chains/gasprice/{gasprice index}/change/` where `{gasprice index}` is the index of the gas price you want to edit.

## Parameters

### `Chain`

The chain that will have this gas price enabled.

### `Oracle uri`

The URI of the oracle that will provide the gas price.

### `Oracle parameter`

The parameter that will be used to fetch the gas price from the oracle.

### `Gwei multiplier factor`

The factor that will be used to multiply the fetched gas price. This is useful when the oracle returns the gas price in a different unit than Gwei.

### `Fixed gas price (wei)`

A fixed gas price that will be used instead of fetching it from the oracle. This is useful when the oracle is not available.

### `Rank`

The relative importance of this gas price to your project. You can use this value between 0 and 100 to sort gas prices by priority.

### `Max fee per gas (wei)`

> The maximum fee per gas that will be used to calculate the gas price. This is useful when the oracle returns a gas price that is too high.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `maxFeePerGas` that will be used to calculate the gas price. This is useful when the oracle returns a gas price that is too high.
```

### `Max priority fee per gas (wei)`

> The maximum priority fee per gas that will be used to calculate the gas price. This is useful when the oracle returns a gas price that is too high.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `maxPriorityFeePerGas` that will be used to calculate the gas price. This is useful when the oracle returns a gas price that is too high.
```
